chore: Update contributing guidelines (#10770)
deepset-ai/haystack: CONTRIBUTING.md

- The project team will label the issue accordingly.
- A team member will try to reproduce the issue with your provided steps. If there are no reproduction steps or no
  obvious way to reproduce the issue, the team will ask you for those steps.
- If the team is able to reproduce the issue, the issue will be scheduled for a fix or left to be

>   [implemented by someone](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20label%3A"Contributions%20wanted!").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the team is able to reproduce it, the issue will be scheduled for a fix or left to be
  [picked up by a contributor](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20label%3A"Contributions%20wanted!").
```

## Contribute code

> [!IMPORTANT]
> When contributing to this project, you must agree that you have authored 100% of the content, that you have the necessary rights to the content and that the content you contribute may be provided under the project license.

### Where to start

If this is your first code contribution, a good starting point is looking for an open issue that's marked with the label
["good first issue"](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22).
The core contributors periodically mark certain issues as good for first-time contributors. Those issues are usually
limited in scope, easily fixable and low priority, so there is absolutely no reason why you should not try fixing them.

> It's a good excuse to start looking into the project and a safe space for experimenting failure: if you don't get the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a good excuse to start looking into the project and a safe space to experiment and fail: if you don't get the
```
